is that you lying in bed being lazy
during quarantine and probably watching
Netflix is Tiger king because now we all
want to know who Carol is and whether or
not she killed her husband yeah we've
all been there but we actually do need
to get productive but before we do that
please let me know in the poll up there
however or not you think Carol killed
her husband because I'm Way too invested
in that and now it's time to actually
get productive so here's how I'm staying
productive during quarantine the first
tip I have is to make a schedule and
make a really detailed one this ensures
that you keep up the notion of weekdays
and weekends and maintain a structure in
your week but you can also then use a
method called calendar blocking to give
your individual day a good structure so
with calendar blocking you block out
different parcels of time for different
tasks and I made it very detailed so I
even included things like my morning
routine when I'm gonna have lunch and
when I'm gonna have free time this just
ensures that you have a structure that
you can normally have thanks to a
lecture schedule which obviously we now
no longer have so you can give yourself
that structure by using a method like
calendar blocking now it's really
important that you have some free time
in that schedule so whenever you finish
scheduling a week make sure to go back
over it and check whether you have at
least one and a half hours of free time
every day because ever why's that
schedule is gonna drive you crazy I
promise it's currently not easy to find
free time activities so I like to read
and that's where the sponsor of today's
video comes in which is the Bisons of
the Bisons app is basically a book club
which respects social distancing rules
because it's online so it's a bit like
Goodreads in the sense that you can just
search up any book that you want to read
that you're currently reading or that
you've already read but then it adds
this really really cool feature because
once you mark something is currently
reading or read you get access to a
chatroom with people who have marked it
as the same now there are different chat
rooms for people who are currently
reading a book and people who have
already read it so that you don't get
spoiled for the plot if you haven't
fully read the book yet so it's a really
great way of connecting with fellow book
lovers in times of social distancing and
to ensure that you're not you know
completely alone in quarantine and the
great thing is it's completely free and
it has no ads so it's a really really
great app to download during quarantine
and it just allows you to turn this
hobby of reading which is usually
something you do alone into
something more social and you can even
use it for academic books which I
absolutely love because we currently
don't have these discussions with our
classmates about books etc it can just
be really helpful to get someone else's
take on an academic argument because
sometimes you're just not really sure
what to make of a paragraph and it can
just be really great so I would highly
recommend downloading yep
all the links are in the description box
below but now that we know what we might
do in our free time stops we still need
to figure out how to actually follow our
schedule because that is key so here's
what I like to do first of all put on
some music that I actually like so if
we're studying I usually like to use
quick pace classical music I find a lot
of the songs on this album really useful
I linked it for you in the info box
below if you guys are interested and
sometimes I also listen to my own
horrible music tastes so I have a music
playlist which I made which consists of
a lot of songs from very different
genres if you guys are interested I
linked for you guys any of the box below
but be warned it's horrible so but yeah
once you have the music on that you're
vibing with then actually establish what
tasks you have to do so I like to use
things free for an overview of all tasks
however short term or long term things
free is great because it allows you to
establish different lists for things
works and like what you want to do daily
what you want to achieve in revision
what you want to achieve for work for I
don't know your YouTube channel whatever
you can make a list of anything and it
is quite detailed it always shows you
how much progress you've made on you to
dues you can establish headings you can
you know do so much with this app it is
super super useful personally I use it
as a list of pretty much everything I
have to do and you can also add some
extra notes to a to-do so as you can see
here I just added a line of what exactly
I want to do with that blog article that
I'm planning to write but yet you can
write a lot more on there so it's just a
great app for organizing things and it
allows you to set deadlines for to do's
which is incredibly useful especially
because it then uses these deadlines to
put the tasks into different lists for
you you don't have to put them in there
so it just puts them into today thing if
the thing is due today or you can view
an upcoming what is coming up you know
where is the deadline coming
you can schedule things for any time
they so you know whenever you have time
it is a very great organizing app though
it does take some time getting used to
but I think it's definitely worth
putting in you know the half day that it
takes to get used to it and then I like
to use a to-do list for today and just
schedule in which tasks I'm gonna do
personally I actually recently
discovered the pumpkin productivity
planner which is from another youtuber
Ruby Grainger and it is really really
great personally I always used to do my
own to-do list but I actually really
like this one it is just one pound and I
linked it for you guys in the info box
below but it's really amazing because it
basically lays out the steps you have to
go through in order to make an effective
to-do list because it tells you okay
what do you have to do and then it makes
you color code things which then allows
you to better see whether or not this
should be a priority and then it makes
you make a schedule so yeah what highly
recommended now really important before
you sit down and do anything on your
to-do list
open a window because you want fresh air
in your room in order to be able to
focus and not get a headache once you're
sitting at your desk it's really
important to make sure you're not
getting distracted by your phone so I
like to use forest for that forest is an
app which allows you to grow a virtual
tree in a certain amount of time and if
you leave the app the tree dies and
trust me it's traumatizing if that tree
dies so you will stay off your phone now
another thing you can do is make a habit
tracker so for a habit tracker you
basically decide on whatever habits that
you want to follow through like for
example for me I wanted to consistently
wake up at 5 a.m. and Quarantine read
for fun every day etc and you just put
down the dates for the month
and whenever you are following through
on something then you can then pencil in
that square so that you can see that you
actually achieve that it's a very useful
tool for kind of tracking your own
progress and also seeing patterns so are
you for example not following through on
a specific thing is that something that
you know you just don't want to do and
it also makes you compete against
yourself a little bit because you want
that habit tracker to look perfectly
pink or whatever color you choose so
that you're more motivated to actually
follow through on your schedule because
you know we all want that perfect streak
one thing that's really important is to
naturally quarantine as a time where you
can't reach out to your teachers if they
can give you homework they can reply to
your emails now for all my introverts
out
for whom writing an email is this
emotional rollercoaster where you know
you're really scared off the teacher
then thinking that you're rude because
if the way you phrase things I wrote you
guys a template and don't worry I over
fought this template for a good amount
of time so it is introvert approved so
if you need a template to write to your
professor about any questions that you
have about material just take a
screenshot right now of this video and
use that template trust me from an
introvert or an introvert it has been
overthinking approved if you're one of
the people like me who will usually need
to go to the library to feel that peer
pressure it can also help to join one of
the study tubers live streams and if you
would like to join mine
I am live-streaming monday to friday
from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. UK time and then
again from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. UK time but
there are also a lot of other study
tubers doing live streams out there and
it can just help to know that there's
someone else studying at the same time
and last but definitely not least I
would highly recommend writing a diary
to keep track of their mental health
writing a diary just ensures that you
check in with yourself every few days
and that you stay conscious of how you
doing in quarantine because cabin fever
is a real thing
so you can make that part if you have a
tracker just to ensure that you're
actually doing it and yes those are my
tips for staying productive in
quarantine thank you so much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed it have
a nice day bye